I think it's time to teach you new
players that are coming on how to play
the game so let's get into it let's
Abilities
start off with the character's abilities
the ult the echo the skill the gadget
the Forte circuit and the conserto
energy those are all characters
abilities okay and if you're wondering
what the little circle one is that's the
lock on feature let's start off with the
Concerto/Outro/Intro
conserto energy so the conserto energy
it has a gauge as you can see it needs
energy to be able to use it you get
energy by doing attacks doing whatever
you are doing in a battle once that bar
is full however you can cast this thing
called an outro skill and how you do
that is by swapping into a different
character when that conserto energy is
full now what are outro skills actually
good for depending on the character the
outro skill can increase a certain type
of damage like for example this
character states that the outro skill
makes the incoming character have their
basic attack damage Amplified by 38%
very good for this character in
particular it's a little bit longer look
a bit confusing but the most important
thing is that it amplifies all
characters damage by 15% a main DPS
character will most like L have their
outro just do damage now the next thing
that happens after an outro skill when
you use it is that that character you're
swapping into will cast their intro
skill now this mostly does damage and
sometimes it can do different things
like for example this character you're
staring at now this lovely character um
when you cast her intro skills she'll
get her forte filled but we'll get into
that later now that you know that I'll
just show you quickly what that looks
like okay we're going to use this
character right here lock on to this guy
we're just going to you know get our
conserto
here all right so now the bar is full
and I'm getting clapped I'm not paying
attention Okay so now when I swap into
any character all right so I'm just
going to press one here it'll cast the
next character's intro skill and as you
can see I got the outro skill buff from
that character right above the Forte
that little blue
symbol so that's how that works you do
attacks do certain things to get the
conserto energy some characters are
going to be faster than others at
getting it all right hopefully it
doesn't sound too confusing now let's
Forte
get into the Forte bar now this is the
bar that is above the health as you can
see this is what makes each character
truly unique it changes how they play
and how you play them how exactly do
these work well as I said already
they're unique to every character so
they work differently for example the
lovely character you're seeing right now
she can't really fill up that bar by
herself she has to cast her intro skill
to get that bar filled up so I'll
quickly show you what that looks like
going to get the conserto
energy it is full and you can tell that
it is full by it looking full and the
characters on the screen are blinking as
well so now we'll swap
into uh um chamelia that will cast her
intro skill and boom as you can see her
whole bar is full so that's how this
character's particular Forte circuit
works and you'll see a button input next
to it as well that's basically telling
you how exactly to use the conserto so
this one is just left click anything you
do with left click will use up the
conserto bar and basically for this
character it's just giving her Stacks
that make her do more damage right I'll
swap into this character what this one
does okay you know she'll get a bunch of
those Stacks by just doing doing attacks
and stuff you know pretty easy and uh
what she can do with that is just hold
the hold the click button and I do
apologize because this is going to be
different for PlayStation users cuz you
guys are obviously using a controller so
I can't really reference what button
it's going to be for you guys but for
this character you're just going to do a
heavy attack and she'll do that which
pulls and enemies they sucks them you
know really good so how her bar works is
doing a skill or an ult will you know
make that little teeny gauge a bit
bigger um but how this works is you hold
the heavy attack and then let go as soon
as it's in the buildup portion and
you'll do a cool heavy attack like that
um so that's how she works again it's
different for every character so yeah
that's Forte circuit it adds more to a
character's kit makes them truly unique
and Awesome Moving on the next ability
Gadgets
you'll see is a gadget now in this
particular Gadget you'll notice is a
grapple grapple is good for exploring
and also can be useful in the middle of
combat if there's an attack you can't
really Dodge normally by dodging you
just use the grapple to get away from
the enemy you know it works really good
in combat sometimes you can actually
change this to whatever you want you
know just go to the menu and go to to
utilities and you'll have a bunch of
different ones that you could put in
this utility wheel and whatever button
it is to bring up the wheel bring it up
and you can swap it to multiple multiple
different things and swap it to a little
gun thing which isn't useful for combat
by the way so don't don't make the
mistake of trying to use this in combat
it does like one damage this is mostly
useful for puzzles but you know you can
change it to a loot mapper thing you
know a sensor levitator all the other
stuff stuff is mostly used for
exploration but you're mostly going to
be using the grapple so yeah grapple is
just easy for getting around getting
Heights and going into combat it can be
really good as well now the next ability
Skills
that I just accidentally fat fingered is
your skill again for all characters
it'll be unique on how the skill works
for this character in specific it's a
stance change I guess you could say a
form change I press it she goes into
this grounded mode her hair is white and
normal you know and she does these
attacks which are very good for single
targets um I press it again she goes
into the air mode which is primarily
good for um area of effect different
characters it's different um for this
character particular in particular okay
it's a thing that heals right for this
character it's just a little attack
right which also helps getting her forte
circuit it works completely different
for every character cooldowns are
Echoes
different moving on to the next thing
you'll see is the echo now these Echoes
are different depending on which Echo
you are using so if you go to your
character menu go down here to Echo
click on this one anything that is in
this top slot here all right you'll see
there's slots down here and then one
separated one here this is the echo you
use in combat depending on which one
you're using the game playay is
different like this one is actually
really quick to use um you just do that
very fast okay say we change it to
something like this you'll actually
transform into him and do multiple
attacks like that what are these Echoes
actually important for depending on the
echo you are using it'll give you
certain Buffs like this one after the
transformation it increases the current
characters Havoc damage by 12% and skill
damage by 12% the main Echoes you want
to be using in this slot by the way are
four cost Echoes and how you see their
cost is you know the number on them and
yeah they all do different things they
can all buff you in different ways and
you can use them in middle of combat now
Ultimate/Liberation
the next thing you'll see is their ult
again the all is unique to every
character and it has a energy bar
similar to the conserto energy you see
these characters are full but this
character doesn't have her old yet and
you can only use your ult when that
energy is full once it's ready it'll be
shiny glowing pulsating and then you can
just use it
harder entertain me very good stuff
right and another way you might wonder
how do you tell if a character's all is
ready that's not on the field if you
look at the blue character the number
two you'll see a check mark right next
to her that means her Al is there and
ready okay see just like that it's ready
okay now how do you get energy with this
by doing anything you can similar with
conserto energy as well any attacks will
get ult and characters that are off
field will also get energy as well not
much not as much as characters on the
field but they will if we do outro intro
we get a lot of old gauge right there
and
then we can use that right easy stuff
Normal/Heavy/Plunge Atks
now for the last simple understanding of
things I kind of forgot the main big
thing of a character and that's their
normal attacks all right this is just
your normal normal tag you just Spam
click whatever button it is going to be
on
controller um but if you hold said
button you'll do a heavy
attack also different for each character
another thing that I kind of forgot to
do and show you is a character's plunge
attack you know when you're in air you
just click your attack button you'll do
a plunge of course different characters
are different all right for example this
character right here you can't simply
normal attack when you're in air because
if you do that with her she'll just do a
midair basic attack okay of course after
that Phoenix if you click all right if
you click after the Phoenix you can
plunge attack all right but you can also
hold the button should just do it too so
some characters are different when you
do their plunge but that's how it is all
Stamina
right now that we're done with all that
stamina as you can see here you'll
briefly see it as I'm dashing all right
I'm just doing a simple Dash and you'll
also notice that stamina is not being
consumed while I'm sprinting that's
because when you're outside of combat
you have infinite stamina for sprinting
however when you're climbing up walls
when you're climbing up walls it'll of
course use stamina and and then it
consumes stamina when you're gliding to
another thing that consumes stamina is
your heavy attack let me show you more
in combat you'll do a Dodge okay which
will consume
stamina even if it's a perfect Dodge
it'll consume stamina but it recharges
pretty quickly of course if you're
dodging the whole time you know if
you're just spamming you're going to run
out of stamina very very very fast if
you hold the Dodge button which will put
you into Sprint mode you of course use
stamina cuz you're in
combat but yeah that's how stamina works
Dodge & Counters
now let's get into the
Dodge all right so as you see there if
you dodge at the right
moment okay not get hit like that like
that Dodge at the right moment you get a
cool little sound effect a cool little
visual effect of perfect dodging right
that of course means you didn't get hit
you didn't take damage you're good you
got eye frames another thing that you
can do when you dodge is do a counter
attack or a Dodge attack if you will
I'll show you what that looks like all
you got to do is Dodge press your basic
attack and you'll do a counter attack
like
that just like that now the Dodge attack
actually can lead into different things
into a character's uh normal attack
string or whatever another thing you can
actually do with said Dodge attack is
use it for eye frames as well cuz it has
eye frames so what happens is you can
delay it a little bit and time your eye
frames got the dodging out of the way
Parry
let's get into the pares this particular
enemy has a lot of parryable attacks
which you'll see are those rings that
come up like that one how to know when
the Parry is when the ring is perfectly
closed and centered and will flash for a
brief
moment okay what you got to do at that
moment is simply use a normal attack all
right or a heavy attack or a skill or
whatever it can be paired by multiple
things but I'll get into that in a
second let me just show you what what it
looks like when you
parry when you parry good I'll show you
I'll show you right here lock in lock in
and per just like that he'll get stunned
for a brief
moment you know just like that very easy
attacking at the right time
and I kind of just one shot him whoops
what can Parry an enemy so normal
attacks can Parry heavy attacks can
Parry at the right moment skills can
Parry at the right moment ults can Parry
at the right moment sometimes even your
Echo intro skills can also Parry very
nice but what can't Parry rectifier
characters which are more ranged attacks
all right depending on their kit they
actually won't Parry however I do think
a common thing with rectifier characters
is that their heavy attacks can parry
and their Dodge attacks can Parry not
all the time like a Melee character like
her characters that can't Parry like at
all piss
characters they can't Parry at all the
only thing that could Parry with them is
their Echo probably which sucks but kind
of understandable because they have the
advantage of range moving on to an enemy
Stagger Bars
stagger bar the Stagger bar is the white
bar underneath the enemy's health bar
how you break this is by doing attacks
doing anything but there are easier ways
to do this for example parries in my
opinion are the best way of doing this
and probably is the best way of doing
this as as you can see I paired did a
good load there all right did a good
load there show you one more time if I
don't suck at the game all right there
you go did a good amount you can also
Dodge attack which does it a good good
good bit you
know just like that you can do an echo
skill which does it a a a decent bit
right Forte will do it pretty good um
another thing that does it really good
is doing a character's intro skill so U
we'll cast our current character's outro
skill and go into the next character for
their intro so I'll show you what that
looks like I'm an idiot we'll do it from
this character so Cassy outro into the
intro see it did a good bit there all
right yeah see does it a good bit right
I'm going to let him wake up real quick
and of course I'm probably going to kill
him
here yeah I did but ult will break the
bar a lot quicker as well of course
stagger bar just as it sounds is useful
for staggering the enemy and he'll sit
there like a like a little [ __ ] all
right and let you attack him for a good
few to get some damage in the next thing
Quick Swapping
we need to talk about is something that
is very intricate and takes a bit time
to actually learn and that is called
quick swaps what are quick swaps for
example you're playing a character and
they have long animations that you can
kind of get stuck into you know
sometimes you don't want to be stuck in
it would you you do swap into a
different character while that animation
is playing so then that character is
still playing its animation off field so
I'll show you what that looks like there
are different ways you can quick swap
the character I'm actually using now is
very reliant on quick swap I will say
it's very good so I'll do her forte
heavy attack which looks like this as
you can see it's a pretty long animation
it really is now we'll quick swap it so
I'll show you what that looks like
when I stop getting
bodied so I'll cast The Heavy attack and
then I'll swap while it's doing it
unfortunately blood teleported away so
you cann't really see if the character
was actually doing the animation still
so let me get it back here so I can just
prove it to you I'll do it again as you
can see she's briefly off field there
still casting the animation while I
could swap into this character and do
some of her stuff normal attacks can
also be quick SWA kind of like that
right not the craziest thing the other
thing that can be quick swapped is
Echoes some Echo are better to just use
them on field rather than quick swap
them but one of the best is this
character EO which is a Hydra Dragon a
bird show you what it looks like without
quick swapping you do that like that
yeah sometimes you don't want to go
flying in the air with it AL C EO and
Swap and you saw it do it there you
didn't really see it but you saw the the
impact explosion from it slamming down
very useful stuff can help you play your
team better depending on what the team
is you know very good for many things
all right but again I will say it does
take time to learn depending on your
team and characters plenty of videos
that go more in depth on it especially
for your particular teams that you're
Thanks for watching
using so that is the basics to how to
play the game I'm sorry if any of it
sounded confusing I do apologize but if
you have any questions just let let me
know down below and I'll be sure to try
and answer him the best I can but yeah
that's how you play this game
essentially of course it takes practice
to get used to everything holy godamn
those personalities are huge thank you
so much for watching I hope this video
was useful for you again any questions
let me know down below if you want to
see more from me like And subscribe
would be very much appreciated thanks
for watching I'll see you guys in the
next one bye-bye